= WARNING : Do not use!  This is still under development!

                       _ _       
                      | | |      
        ___  ___ _   _| | | __ _ 
       / __|/ __| | | | | |/ _` |
       \__ \ (__| |_| | | | (_| |
       |___/\___|\__, |_|_|\__,_|
                  __/ |          
                 |___/           
       
       
      
Scylla was a horrible monster with six grisly heads. 


== Introduction

Cucumber tests taking forever? Use scylla to run break them up into chunks and run them concurrently.

== Installation

You're not using Bundler? Let me guess, you still have a CD player right?
  
  $ [sudo] gem install scylla
  
For the rest of us.
  
  # in Gemfile
  gem 'scylla'
  
  $ bundle install
  

== Configuration

Configuration couldn't be simpler. Use YAML!

  # in APP_ROOT/config/scylla.yml
  
  cucumber: cucumber -p mycustomprofile # this is the cucumber command scylla will use.  defaults to just 'cucumber'
  export: /path/to/output/directory
  workers: 6 # tell scylla how many workers to maintain
  features: # provide scylla with the features to run, you can give it directories and it will automatically break up the features.
    - features/feature_one.feature
    - features/set_of_features
  

== TODO

* Tests
* Logging
* Unified output
  
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Further Notes

Scylla was written using JRuby.  If you're not using JRuby, try Hydra instead.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 CentralDesktop.com Jon Druse. See LICENSE for details.
